Thank you. Good evening, everyone. Thank you very much, everyone. Good evening. Welcome. Thank you.
Thank you. So tonight we are going to meditate, but before the meditation I am going to talk about
the meditation.
And again, before the meditation we are going to join some prayers for this booklet. If you have
this booklet, please open.
(Singing)
Okay, now we go to the page 21. Page 21.
To the excellent Buddha, Dharma and Sangha, I go for a rafuya until the attainment of enlightenment
.
By the merits of the generosity of the human being, may I attain the Buddhahood of all the sick
Buddhist sentient beings.
To the excellent Buddha, Dharma and Sangha, I go for a rafuya until the attainment of enlightenment
.
May all beings have happiness and cause of happiness.
May they be free from the suffering, the cause of suffering.
May be never Buddhist also sleep from the spring happiness, which is without suffering.
May they remain boneless equanimity from both the affect, from the close one's rejection or the
loss.
May all beings have the happiness and the cause of happiness.
May they be free from suffering and the cause of suffering.
May they be free from the close of suffering, from the spring happiness, which is without suffering
.
May they remain boneless equanimity from both the attachment, close one's rejection and so on.
May all beings have the happiness and the cause of happiness.
May they be free from suffering and the cause of suffering.
May they never be dissociated from the spring happiness, which is without suffering.
May they remain boneless equanimity free from both the attack, from the close one's rejection or
others.
May they remain boneless equanimity from the close one's rejection or the close one's rejection or
May they remain boneless equanimity from the close one's rejection or others.
May they remain boneless equanimity free from the close one's rejection or others.
May all hearts and dreams always be joyful.
May all births into the boat around the seas forever.
May the wishes of all the body's godmothers and all the boonies swiftly reach fruition.
And at this very moment for the peoples and nations of the earth,
may not even aim to seize famine, war, or suffering the earth,
rather than the area of conduct, merit, wealth, and prosperity increase.
May the wishes of the earth and all the boonies swiftly reach fruition.
May the wishes of the earth and all the boonies swiftly increase.
May the wishes of the boonies swiftly increase.
May the wishes of the boonies quietly increase.
Thank you very much everyone.
Thank you very much everyone for coming.
Don't, don't get up here.
We have someone else to make.
Stand there.
Yeah, I thought that was good.
Good evening everyone.
Dear Rinpoche and Lama Lorraine.
Good evening to you and thank you for being here this evening.
Rinpoche.
Thank you.
I know that we all recognize how privileged we are to listen to you in your instructions.
You continue to bless us all with your loving kindness,
equality that testifies to the death of your humanity.
We are indeed privileged to be in your presence and be a recipient of your spiritual guidance.
Gracias, gracias, gracias.
Thank you.
I don't, I don't think I need you anymore.
Okay.
Thank you everyone for being here.
We have a couple of announcements that are going on in our wonderful center.
A reminder, a reminder of a tool that venerable Rinpoche will lead us again into our annual retreat
from January 18th through the 25th of January.
The retreat will be with a Vashara Pani Empowerment and instructions
and the union of Mahamudra in searching from the week of January 18th through the 25th.
I'm trying to summarize this because we have a lot of announcements here.
Flyers are in the living room.
Please know that those people that registered before December 31st
will get a discount of $30, so please sign as soon as possible.
But a reminder that that only applies for those people that are doing the entire week of the
retreat.
Mimi Bailey, who was sitting right here, we switched seats, is looking for participants
to help people with housing that come to our annual retreat from out of town.
And another aspect of being a retreat is to offer some daily karma yoga.
Please consider offering a small service in any of several areas.
All the different tasks that we need are listed on the door of the refrigerator.
So please look for me.
We have a lot of work and we need a lot of help in hands.
One more thing, all Sangham friends are invited to participate in a special practice
on Buddha's Satna on New Year's Day, Wednesday, January 1st at 10 a.m.
We will conclude the practice with a soak and give thanks for all the good fortune that we have
to have been connected to the Three Jewels.
Hope you will all join.
As always, your freshly prepared and purchased vegetarian food offering is most appreciated.
How fun is that?
At 10 a.m. on the 1st of January here.
And now a very important announcement, this came today.
Very fun.
We have a very special announcement to make this Sunday for those that can make it.
We will be joining Kenpo Senhwan Donghial Rinpoche as he blesses the statues.
The statues, the first of which is an eight foot statue of Guru Rinpoche.
Commissioned in Nepal for Pemalin retreat center.
The second is a statue of the Bodhisattva Cenrenci,
which was carved in Java, Indonesia again for our special retreat at Pemalin.
We will be gathering between 2.30 and 3.00 p.m. at Pemalin.
We hope you will be able to join us on this special occasion.
And one more thing, one more thing, one more thing.
As always, at the end of the practice and after Rinpoche and Lama Lorraine exit the room,
we would like for those who are able to help us rearrange the shrine room,
we will appreciate it very much.
Thank you.
[Applause]
Thank you, Kenpo, again. Thank you so much.
Thank you, Lama Lorraine.
Thank you, everyone. Again, really thank you very much.
If I don't see you before, the big holiday season,
I wish you all have very happy and beautiful holidays.
And Merry Christmas, Happy New Year's, and all that, as well as others.
And what else is happening that time? Hanukkah.
Yeah, Happy Hanukkah. Happy Hanukkah and Happy Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year's.
Thank you, everyone. Really thank you.
Thank you.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
[BLANK_AUDIO]